hey guys welcome to my channel
my name is marina and today I'm going to
talk to you about passing GMAT recently
I score at 700 out of 800 and GMAT which
is a pretty decent score and it got me
to top five American universities two of
them gave me full financial aid and it
took me only two months to prepare and
if you have GMAT coming if you have to
take it in a few months I think this
video will be really useful because I'm
going to share methods and materials
that I've used also if you need to take
total I filmed a lot of videos about
passing joyful I scored 117 out of 120
on toy phone and I will leave the links
below so you could also watch those
videos but let's continue to GMAT the
first thing I did I found out the score
that I needed to get all of the
universities that I've chosen required
something around six six eighty six
ninety they wouldn't really give you the
minimum score they would just give you
the average of the previous class so I
just realized the minimum I should get a
650 and I aimed for more of course and
the first thing I did I downloaded a
book called GMAT official guide
it's updated every year and I will live
a link below for the newest version so
you can download it so what I should
tell about this book the first thing you
don't have to read it actually I started
reading it from page one I thought it
would be very useful and I will know all
the things about GMAT but actually know
the theory there you know everything
they talked about what is a positive
number what is a negative number what is
a what fraction means this is something
you wouldn't want to waste your time on
especially if you have two months like I
did because I only found out that oon
apply for universities in October and my
first deadline was in January so it was
all pretty hectic so what I did I took
practice tests there they have something
not like a real GMAT they have a sort of
assessment test and it took up it told
me exactly which parts are the worst for
me it has quantitative analytical
writing integrated reasoning and verbal
and once I took it I realized quantitive
was the worst part for me so the thing I
did so the next day I just open the
quantitive part and they have like 200
different exercises for quantitative but
and they actually replicate the tasks
you would get into math so I started
with the first one and first 40 tasks
look pretty easy so didn't experience
any difficulties but then started with
the 40th I realized I don't really know
some theory and this is when I actually
got back to the chapters in the book
that told me what every you know digit
means in a number or you know some basic
things I've forgotten so this is the
only time when I use the theory in that
book also I started measuring my time
from the task 1 so as you know Chi 1
would allow you around 2 minutes to pass
every task and I tried to limit myself
it didn't mean that when two minutes
passage is stopped no I just realized
and marked in my head that hey this took
a little while longer than I expected
and I just continued doing the task and
I made sure I came to the right answer
with my brain so that was really
important because it's really important
that you can handle all the tasks of
GMAT the second thing I did well I read
the rules about GMAT like some basic
things you need to know and the most
important thing you need to know is that
you can't use a calculator I'm going to
write everything down for you so it's
official and you see everything now
calculator exclamation mark because
actually my calculating skills got a
little worse because we left school and
then at the university they would allow
us to use calculator and actually forgot
how you can multiply using your paper in
your pen so I had to remember all of
that and when I did all the practice
tasks I only used my pen and paper so no
calculator and also when you're
preparing I advise you to I'll do all
the calculate calculations in your mind
especially when you're in a shop or like
something random is happening and you
have to calculate things don't use your
calculator when you're preparing Bucci
Matt this is actually good for the rest
of your life because it really helps
your brain to stay vibrant the third
thing I did and I think it was one of
the best things that happened to me tear
into my preparation I found out about
economist GMAT economist is a magazine
that writes about things that are
happening in the world and they also
develop their own course that will help
you to prepare for GMAT but the thing is
it's very expensive it cost around $800
so what I did I just took a free trial
it lasted seven days and June 7 days I
was able to to pass 25% of the whole
economist GMAT thing and it was so
useful because during this 25% I've
learned a lot of things they would also
give you a free
patient a free GMAT simulation test and
all all of the tricks like all of the
tricks I've used in GMAT they came from
economist GMAT and I would actually
record a separate video on the tricks
that I've used so please subscribe to my
channel make sure you don't miss this
video because I miss the methods that
help me reduce the time that I took to
handle one task like two times the three
times but yeah I used economist GMAT for
both verbal and quantitative art the
trial period stops once you reach 25% of
the course but I think those first 25%
are the best because you know they want
to sell you the course so they're trying
to make it maximally concentrated with
great things you can use on GMAT so yeah
do it they have it they also have a
mobile app so just to load it to your
phone the fourth thing I did I just
piled my iPhone with all the different
apps that there were 40 Matt and I'll
tell you about the best so the best one
was prep for GMAT do you see it I hope
you see it so that for GMAT
this app was the best in terms of verbal
part because there was the sentence
correction part in GMAT and when I took
the practice test I realized I'm so bad
at sentence correction
I scored like I don't know 10% but
actually using this prep for Chima
I scored 100% 100% which is great
because you can use it while you're
waiting in the traffic jam while waiting
for your appointment the doctors and
it's always with you you don't need
anything you just have your questions
and you have right and wrong answers and
then you get explanation why you chose
wrong or why you chose right so this is
a very good thing for verbal part I also
use it for one to define but because I
did a lot of quantitative tests from Jim
an official guide it wasn't that
effective okay thing number five
you have to figure out how much time
you're going to spend on GMAT
preparation for me as I said I only had
two four months three weeks of those I
spent on vacation in Miami which wasn't
the you know best decision to prepare
for Chima it was really tough and really
difficult to make yourself you know
leave the beach and go home and practice
but still I did it and I think the
minimum time that you have to dedicate
to GMAT is 1/2 hours per day plus I
would say 10 hours during the weekend so
so five hours and Saturday five hours
and Sunday sounds legit and yeah so you
have to practice every day really and I
increased the time that I've used for
preparation closer to the exam so one
week before the exam I do vacation it
took days off at work and I spent eight
hours a day preparing for GMAT but this
is crucial when there is just a week
left still GMAT being number six
resource number six I guess you already
know it guys because I think this is the
best form ever GMAT club.com so I will
tell you the cases when I used it first
when it came to the test that I didn't
get and a dream an official guide the
book it really gives you this weird
answers like let's remember the formula
over triangle inserted into rectangular
something and I was like why would I
know this formula and GMAT Club gives
you gives you answers that other
students came up with and they are
really they easier than GMAT official
guidebook so I use too much Club for
difficult tasks the second thing I used
it for is essay an essay is a part of
the exam that you have to spend the
least time on because as you know GMAT
consists of four parts and essays essay
is a part that doesn't go towards your
final score like it doesn't affect if
you score 700 800 they were just mark
how much you score in the exam like for
me it was PI out of six and I only took
two hours to prepare for the essay and I
took all the templates on GMAT Club and
I think I'm going to make a separate
video about templates so again please
subscribe to my channel it's going to be
a separate video on the templates that
you have to use for GMAC essays I
learn them and I also wrote them down
during the this break at the beginning
of the test when you have around 15
minutes to read the rules of the test
and I actually read them before because
they they can be found anywhere and I
used that time to write down the
template for my essay because when I
started writing it I had everything
already on the paper so I just had to
insert you know something relevant to
the text that they gave me so the
template is really useful and subscribe
to my channel I'm going to make a
separate video about it and make sure to
use too much Club to you know check out
your University and share your things
that people write about you university
is a very very good website 7 thing ah
this is thing that I also did on GMAT
and something you need to reign in
advance and I wrote this on the draft
paper that they gave me ABCDE
ABCD many many times because I use this
for crossing out wrong answers and it
makes the thinking really easier when
you know that this is not see this is
not B this is not a and you just have to
decide between D and E and visually it's
easier so do that with the template and
I think the last the egg thing whoa I
wanted to tell you it's about our
practice tests so I took for practice
tests and you know they are so so so
difficult they're psychologically
difficult because you have to sit down
for like three hours and you have to
take that test and especially on the
first test I goat 640 on the second test
I got 670 on the third test I go
700 and I was so excited but then I took
another practice test and his score is
650 so don't take them too many times
but as I said like because you're taking
them at home you're not really
concentrated so I scored I actually
scored more than I scored on my practice
tests so the average that I scored on
the practice test would be like 680 but
I ended up scoring 700 so just make sure
you do them and make sure you don't do
them three days before the exam because
your brain would be so exhausted you
wouldn't be able to concentrate on the
exam at all so I'd say um I say take
three practice tests yeah take three
practice tests and stop taking them
three days prior to that it to exam and
the last thing you have to do now is you
know what like this video subscribe to
my channel and also follow me on
Instagram it's a lingua Marina you'll
see nice pictures of me traveling there
so I already got my work piece up for
the United States and if you're guys
also passing GMAT to get into American
Universities please write a comment
about which universities you hope to get
to and share your experience of GMAT
preparation because many other guys who
are studying for GMAT will be reading
comments and your advice would be really
useful thank you so much guys for
watching this video up to the very end
thanks you for I thank you for
subscribing to my channel and liking my
videos and I hope to see you in the next
videos which will be also about GMAT so
see you soon bye bye